fix(docs): Simplify README. (#24)
AqueductHub/aqueductcore: README.md

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Install AqueductCore](#Install-AqueductCore)
  - [Install PyAqueduct](#Install-PyAqueduct)
- [Developers Setup Guide](#developers-setup-guide)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To use Aqueduct, you need to install the following two components: 

> - [aqueductcore](https://github.com/AqueductHub/aqueductcore) -- the server software that hosts the main application, and web interface and handles data storage.

Reviewer: It is better to add something like `(this repository)` at the beginning as it may look like a different component.
```suggestion
- [aqueductcore](https://github.com/AqueductHub/aqueductcore)(this repository) -- the server software that hosts the main application, and web interface and handles data storage.
```

Author: Good point.

      - 5432
```

(This file also exists as `aqueductcore/scripts/release/docker-compose.yaml`.)

2. If you now run `docker compose -f docker-compose.yaml up -d` in the directory where the file is, 
docker will use the yaml file to pull Aqueduct's docker image, set local environment variables, and
start the server. 

3. Start your browser and point it to `https://localhost`.

> For more information please check the [documentation](https://black-sand-0b0e2a903.3.azurestaticapps.net/main/setup).

Reviewer: This link is obsolete, the correct one is: https://aqueducthub.github.io/aqueductcore/
```suggestion
For more information please check the [documentation](https://aqueducthub.github.io/aqueductcore/).
```

Author: fixed.

### Install PyAqueduct

We use [PyAqueduct](https://github.com/AqueductHub/pyaqueduct) to pipe data experiment data in to the system, as the web UI doesn't yet support this. 

```bash
pip install pyaqueduct
```

> You can find more information about how to use PyAqueduct [here](https://black-sand-0b0e2a903.3.azurestaticapps.net/main/getting-started) in the docs.

Reviewer: this link is also obsolete:
```suggestion
You can find more information about how to use PyAqueduct [here](https://aqueducthub.github.io/pyaqueduct/) in the docs.
```

Author: fixed
